test: Add cypress tests for the happy path. (Fixes #42) (#43)
mmcknett/loggr: docs/history-cypress.md

# How adding Cypress went

## Bootstrapping

> Adding cypress seems really straightforward, but it's not! It took a few hours just to reach the stage where GitHub Actions (GHA) could open launch the app and run a cypress test that opened the main page.

Author: ```suggestion
Adding cypress seems really straightforward, but it's not! It took a few hours just to reach the stage where GitHub Actions (GHA) could start the app and run a cypress test that opened the main page.
```
